ATM,atm
air_conditioner,air conditioner
armchair,chair
baby_bed,bed
basketball_hoop,basketball hoop
bench_chair,bench
bookshelf,shelf
bunker_bed,bed
ceiling_fan,ceilingfan
chair_set,chair set
coffee_kettle,kettle
coffee_machine,coffee maker
coffee_table,table
cutting_board,cutting board
dining_table,table
double_bed,bed
dressing_table,table
fish_tank,fish tank
floor_lamp,floorlamp
food_processor,food processor
food_tray,food tray
fruit_bowl,bowl
game_table,gametable
garage_door,garage door
goal_post,goal post
gym_equipment,gym equipment
hair_dryer,dryer
hanging_kitchen_cabinet,kitchen cabinet
headphones_on_stand,headphones
household_appliance,household appliance
indoor_lamp,indoor lamp
ironing_board,ironing board
kitchen_appliance,kitchen appliance
kitchen_cabinet,kitchen cabinet
kitchen_set,kitchen set
knife_rack,knife rack
lawn_mower,lawn mower
loudspeaker,speaker
magazines,magazine
mortar_and_pestle,mortar and pestle
office_chair,chair
outdoor_cover,outdoor cover
outdoor_lamp,outdoor lamp
outdoor_seating,outdoor seating
outdoor_spring,outdoor spring
pedestal_fan,fan
picture_frame,frame
place_setting,place setting
plates,plate
poker_chips,poker chips
range_hood,range hood
range_hood_with_cabinet,range hood
range_oven,oven
range_oven_with_hood,oven
rifle_on_wall,rifle
shelving,shelf
shoes_cabinet,cabinet
single_bed,bed
slot_machine,slot machine
slot_machine_and_chair,slot machine
soap_dish,soap dispenser
soap_dispenser,soap dispenser
sofa,couch
stationary_container,container
stereo_set,stereo set
storage_bench,bench
surveillance_camera,surveillance camera
table_and_chair,table
table_lamp,desklamp
television,tv
toilet_paper,toilet paper
toilet_plunger,toilet plunger
towel_hanger,towel ring
towel_rack,towel ring
trash_can,trashbin
tv_stand,tvstand
utensil_holder,holder
vacuum_cleaner,vacuum
wall_lamp,walllamp
wardrobe_cabinet,cabinet
water_dispenser,water dispenser
weight_scale,weight scale
wood_board,board
xbox,xbox360